cd /apps/test/cid1t/jcl

echo "cidclgd582 is running"
unikixjob cidclgd582 -kcid1t -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidclgd582 aborted"
    exit
endif
echo "cidclgd582 terminated successfully"


echo "cidclgstat is running"
unikixjob cidclgstat -kcid1t -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidclgstat aborted"
    exit
endif
echo "cidclgstat terminated successfully"


echo "cidclgltrs is running"
unikixjob cidclgltrs -kcid1t -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidclgltrs aborted"
    exit
endif
echo "cidclgltrs terminated successfully"


echo "cidclgd517 is running"
unikixjob cidclgd517 -kcid1t -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidclgd517 aborted"
    exit
endif
echo "cidclgd517 terminated successfully"


echo "cidclgextr1 is running"
unikixjob cidclgextr1 -kcid1t -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidclgextr1 aborted"
    exit
endif
echo "cidclgextr1 terminated successfully"


echo "cidclgextr is running"
unikixjob cidclgextr -kcid1t -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidclgextr aborted"
    exit
endif
echo "cidclgextr terminated successfully"


echo "cidclg344 is running"
unikixjob cidclg344 -kcid1t -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidclg344 aborted"
    exit
endif
echo "cidclg344 terminated successfully"


echo "fndcfrd50 is running"
unikixjob fndcfrd50 -kcid1t -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "fndcfrd50 aborted"
    exit
endif
echo "fndcfrd50 terminated successfully"


echo "fndcfrd52 is running"
unikixjob fndcfrd52 -kcid1t -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "fndcfrd52 aborted"
    exit
endif
echo "fndcfrd52 terminated successfully"


echo "opnvsam is running for DCC"
unikixjob opnvsam -kcid1t -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "opnvsam for DCC aborted"
    exit
endif
echo "opnvsam for DCC terminated successfully"

